1) what is auth guard, and how we implement and handel authGuard?
2) What is box model? Purpose of using box model?
3) What is lazy loading
3) Angular life cycle hooks.
3) what is directive, how you implement directive in your angular project
4)How to share data to multiple component? Parent to child: 
4) write the codes of how you use input, output decorator (codes in details from parent to child and child to parent along with html and ts files)
5)Update data on web page without refreshing?
5) What is dependency Injection and write the codes How you inject them in angular application
6) How to design a table? etc
6) write the codes of how you connect to a backend api and how you handel the data in TS file and make a table structure in html and display data dynamically
7) why Event Emitter is used in @Output decorator
8) If your angular application is getting slow then what are the steps to trobuleshoot the issue.
9
.0
1
9. difference between reactive form and template driven form?
10. Ways of injecting services.
Q
Pre-clientinterview questions
L3
14
15
1. what is Standalone component
2. what is difference in build of normal component and standalone component
3. how to communicate between parent and child
4. what is signal
17
5. fetures of latest version of angular
6. what is zone.Js
18
19
8. if some thing got changed out side of angular zone then how you got the update in your angular component?






The main difference between absolute and relative positioning in CSS lies in how the element is positioned relative to its normal flow and its containing element. Here's a breakdown:
25
26
27
Relative Positioning
28
29
a.
30
ib.
31 c.
An element with position: relative is positioned relative to its normal position in the document flow.
It doesn't remove the element from the document flow, meaning it still takes up space where it would normally appear.
You can use top, right, bottom, or left to adjust its position relative to where it would have normally been.
32
33
Absolute Positioning
34 •
An element with position: absolute is positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor (i.e., an ancestor with a position of relative, absolute, fixed, or sticky), or if there is no such ancestor, it's positioned relati
35
It is removed from the document flow, so it doesn't affect the layout of other elements around it. Other elements will behave as if the absolutely positioned element doesn't exist.
36
You use top, right, bottom, or left to define its exact position in the container.
37
38
39 5.
Sticky position in CSS
40
41 In CSS, position: sticky is a relatively new positioning property that allows an element to stick to a defined position (usually the top or bottom of the viewport) when you scroll past it. It behaves like relative until a certain scroll point is re
42
43 How It Works:
44 a. Before the scroll point: The element behaves like it's position: relative (it moves with the page as you scroll).
45b. At the scroll point: The element behaves like it's position: fixed and stays "stuck" in place as you continue scrolling.